EduClasswork endpoints graph doc (#21131)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/educationmodule-unpin.md

---
title: "educationModule: unpin"
description: "Unpin an educationModule in the classwork list."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "cristobal-buenrostro"
ms.prod: "education"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# educationModule: unpin

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Update the **isPinned** property to **false** for an [educationModule](../resources/educationmodule.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unpin an educationModule in the classwork list. Update the **isPinned** property to **false** for an [educationModule](../resources/educationmodule.md).
```

> Only a teacher in the class can make this call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only teachers in the class can perform this operation.
```
